Which son is this?
Even Guan Ming Chengdu was crushed by him
More than that, even if the Guan family head comes
Can't get so much
If only I could marry such a man
All the sisters in the circle have to envy me
How dare this person hire someone to challenge Guan Mingcheng
It's not just a disease.
Why have you seen him?
The back is awesome
After my auction is over
I'll accompany you to have a look, okay?
Okay 1 billion dollars for the first time
1 billion second time
Guys, I now suspect he is pressing
There is no capital to pay
He came to the auction purely to make trouble
Do not call the police indiscriminately
Planning seriously
Xiuchang is going to investigate him now
Liquidity on hand
Let's see if he's good enough to participate next
Are you kidding?
Just 1 billion dollars
As for this gentleman
I promise
We at Weili International are ready to pay the bill.
You can look down on me when you say such a thing.
So you're going to pay for him?
Let me give you a heads up.
Don't you forget
You Willie International are in this situation today
Who caused it?
There is an ancient Chinese saying
Learn from it.
Attention
If it weren't for me not being qualified to ask Mr. to pay
I'd like to see what else you have
Stop arguing
Since this Mr. Ye is so rich
Aren't you afraid of Stefanie?
swallow
This is hell Longgang